added documentation for initial occupancy deeplinks (#85)
MewsSystems/gitbook-distributor-guide: distributor-widget/changelog.md

# Changelog

## 17.01.2022

> * Introduced new methods on API object `setAdultCount` and `setChildCount` to set initial occupancy.

Reviewer: I think to make it slightly more clear:
```suggestion
* Introduced new API methods to Distributor instance: [`setAdultCount`](link to reference) and `[setChildCount]`(link to reference).
```
- Instead of object, I'd say Distributor instance. To make it more in line with how we call it in other parts of guide.
- To make it flow a little better. But I'm not English.
- And links to get more details.
